Okay, you Lu Qinhuang
How dare you pretend to be a female handsome adult to commit murder in the Dragon Kingdom?
Fortunately, I found that in time.
Otherwise, we will all be deceived by him
Xiaobai
What the hell is going on?
What else could it be?
You must be jealous that I'm with my older brother
So take the opportunity to retaliate
Internationally speaking
Only handsome women have the right to be executed
The handsome woman you are now pretending to be
Kill our prince
If there is an international investigation
I'm going to die.
You are really pretending to be a handsome woman and trying to murder someone.
Is there a possibility
I am a handsome woman
Well, your parents already told me
When you were in the Shen family, I was not allowed to say
How can you be a handsome woman?
If you were a handsome woman
Apologize to you next time.
Good idea.
Only what you said
It's easy to know if you're handsome
There is a Dharma Protector beside the female commander called Memorial
The female handsome will pretend to be a member of the plane every time he goes out
Until now
How can there be any protector?
This Lu Qinghuan must be fake
Use you.
You have someone arrest him
This is the courtroom.
Then one night to all of us
I'll see who dares to hurt my little sister
What are you still hesitating about?
Could it be that you are because of this Lu Qinghuan?
Not even you, an entire country? Come on
I see who dares to attack the female handsome